Ciac 10794 handle rate limit errors (#37692)
demisto/content: Packs/ApiModules/ReleaseNotes/2_2_31.md

#### Scripts

##### CoreXQLApiModule

> Improve the way of handling the scenario when the maximum allowed number of parallel running queries is reached by using a polling mechanism instead of throwing an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved the handling of scenarios where the maximum allowed number of parallel running queries is reached by using a polling mechanism instead of throwing an error.
```
